Add Community Fund for 2022 (#928)
openjs-foundation/cross-project-council: project-resources/MEMBER_TRAVEL_FUND.md

[Cross Project council](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council)
for a 2020 joint travel fund was approved in the amount of $60,000.

## 2021 OpenJS Foundation Board of Directors Allocation

The request from the
[Cross Project council](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council)
for a 2021 joint travel fund was approved in the amount of $60,000. The line
item in the budget was also renamed `community fund` as the expectation is that
CPC will propose additional ways to spend this fund beyond just travel.

## 2022 OpenJS Foundation Board of Directors Allocation

The request from the
[Cross Project council](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council)

> for a 2022 joint Community Fund was approved in the amount of $TBD.

Reviewer: It would be nice to have an actual number here.

Author: Yes. Waiting on review from @mhdawson.

> for a 2022 joint Community Fund was approved in the amount of $TBD.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for a 2022 joint Community Fund was approved in the amount of $60,000 USD.
```

Reviewer 2: Based on the Foundation budget for 2022 I've added the number.
